Added migration guide about theme chocolatine style refactor (#854)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.2-3.3.mdx

  },
};
```

### Theme chocolatine styles refactor

> In this release, we refactored the Theme Chocolatine's stylesheets into a new
> `_design-tokens.scss` file.<br /> You must update these files in your
> application, as detailed below **or copy the ones from the latest skeleton**.

Reviewer: This is only true if integrators have overwritten the `main.scss`,

```suggestion
In this release, we refactored how the design tokens are included in the style sheets. They are now included through the [`_design-tokens.scss`](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/_design-tokens.scss)
`_design-tokens.scss` file. <br /> I you have overwritten the [`theme/main.scss` ](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/main.scss#L3) then you should apply this changes to your overrides, by either applying the patch as detailed below or [copy the file from the latest skeleton](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/main.scss).
```

file. <br /> If you have overwritten the
[`theme/main.scss` ](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/main.scss#L3)
then you should apply this changes to your overrides, by either applying the
changes as detailed below or
[copy the file from the latest skeleton](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/main.scss).

- `theme/components/_components.scss` has been completely removed

> 

Reviewer: Remove this space

```suggestion
```

index ac5bc8beb..187dd6b89 100644
--- a/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/main.scss
+++ b/packages/theme-chocolatine/theme/main.scss
@@ -1,6 +1,6 @@
 @import "theme/normalize";
 @import "theme/variables";
-@import "theme/components/components";
+@import "theme/design-tokens";

 /* height and body min-height are needed so that "aside" submenus (cart, user
  * menu) are correctly displayed when the page is shorter than the aside submenu.

> ```

Reviewer: Also update suggestion from : https://github.com/front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com/pull/854#discussion_r1511140138 accordingly

> </details>

Author: Applied this eventually, and also updated the text above this description.

> ```

Author: Oopsie
